today I will be making a hog snares and
already made a hog snare previously and
I just use murals to make a back end of
it or you could flip that around a tree
or a post so you have a nice sturdy base
and then I have a washer for the actual
snare part of it what the washer does is
when it'll tighten but it won't open it
takes a lot of pull to open up the
washer and you've been that at about a
90 degree angle and then you put a stop
on it punch holes using either a drill
or you can you get a hole punch and
unfortunately today I did not find any
drill or whole bunch of my dad shop so I
had to read find some resources and this
is basically the same thing I found it
and we'll see if it works
I have a another piece of three and
thirty second inch cable and I already
had the back end made and so we're going
to take the front end we're going to
take it just think you have is this as a
washer you put it through coming from
the back side of the bent in and then
you go out the other side and what you
want to do is get you a stopper put it
on the back end then we're going to take
it over to our vice grip right here
we're going to set it in there and clamp
it close
you're going to want this to be pretty
darn tight you're going to tighten it as
hard as as far as you can go until it
looks nice and tight basically that's
the same thing as the washer put it on
there and it won't open and then you
know when you set these out it's really
not hard just got to find a nice used
trail and just write it post it and see
try them out and build your own and tell
me what you think about them